Just to kind of give you
some more examples here,
let's go put location, animal,
and breed into Redux toolkit.
I probably wouldn't typically do this,
because this is only used here.
But the nice thing about this is
it's going to allow us to keep track
of all the stuff across page loads,
which is going to be minorly useful to us.
So make a new file here,
call it SearchParamsSlice.js.
And import
again from @reduxjs/toolkit.
Export const searchParamsSlice,
= createSlice
Okay, so you don't really need to
export that part, so just leave that.
searchParamsSlice, And
you're gonna say createSlice.
Yeah, that's good.
Name: "searchParams",
initialState.
You leave a location of empty string,
a breed of empty string,
And animal of empty string, cool.
Reducers, All right, so I'm just gonna
make one reducer at the moment called all,
which is just gonna replace everything.
So I'm gonna say (state, action).
And all this does is,
is gonna say state.value = action.payload.
Cuz for our particular application, we
don't have an occasion where we're setting
anything other than all
of them all at once.
But hopefully, you can imagine,
I could have one set be updateLocation or
something like that, and all that we
do is set just the location, one for
setting just the breed, one for
setting just the animal, right?
That's all stuff you could do here, but
for now, all we need is an all one.
Okay, and then down here,
we're gonna say export
const (all) = searchParamsSlice.actions.
And then export default
searchParamsSlice.reducer.
You are mad about, yeah, I don't need a,
I need an arrow function there rather.
Okay, there we go.
This basically looks almost identical
to our previous one other than we have
a little bit more initialState,
otherwise, it looks identical
Okay, great, let's go to store.js.
We're gonna import searchParams here,
import searchParamsSlice from
"./searchParamsSlice, okay?
That's pretty easy, that's all set up now.
Let's go to searchParams.jsx.
Here, we're going to import at the top.
There's a useSelector here.
We're also gonna import
a useDispatch up here, useDispatch.
And we're going to import(all) from
"./searchParamsSlice' as well.
Okay, up here with your hooks,
we're gonna have a dispatch.
So const dispatch = useDispatch to
get that dispatch function back.
Const adoptedPet, we did that already.
So that's there.
And then we are gonna also
have our requestParams.
So const requestParams
is going to be assigned,
useSelector state,
state.searchParams.value.
And then I can drop all
of this stuff up here.
So you don't need any of that.
Cool, and then down here,
instead of saying setRequestParams,
we're just gonna say, dispatch,
Wrap this in an auth.
There you go.
So let's go back over here and
look at this.
So under All XH, or just All,
let's see what happens here.
This is a fetch, so it's just not
requesting anything, interesting.
>> The requestParams is
different in the lesson plan.
>> Yeah, I mean,
I think I called it searchParams, right?
And that's fine, as long as you
change this to be the same thing.
Cannot destructure query animal of query
1, that seems like it's a problem.
If we go back to our fetch,
or our searchParams here,
initialState, this has to be in value.
Lo and behold, here we are.
That was it.
So here when I was setting
up searchParamsSlice,
this has to be inside of value, right?
Cuz I'm saying state.value
= action.payload.
That makes sense it wasn't working
until I actually said state.value =
action.payload.
That makes sense of why that was only
working after I clicked on it, right?